IBX-10675: Document Ibexa Messenger and discount re-indexing in the background (#2909)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/discounts/configure_discounts.md

                    products_list_per_page_limit: 15
```

## Discount re-indexing

Discounts feature uses [[= product_name_base =]] Messenger to reindex discounts and product prices in the background.
This way changes are processed efficiently without slowing down the system and disrupting the user experience.

When triggered periodically, the `ibexa:discounts:reindex` command identifies discounts that require re-indexing, ensuring catalog prices always remain up-to-date.
If there are edits to discounts that should result in changed product catalog prices, messages are dispatched to the [[= product_name_base =]] Messenger's queue and consumed by a background worker.
The worker passes the messages to the handler, which then starts the re-indexing process at the most convenient moment.

To use discount re-indexing in the background:

1\. Make sure that the transport layer is [defined properly](background_tasks.md#configure-package) in [[= product_name_base =]] Messenger configuration.

> 2\. Make sure that the worker starts together with the application to watch the transport bus:

Reviewer: You probably want to cross-reference Symfony's page about supervisord and Symfony Messenger:
https://symfony.com/doc/current/messenger.html#deploying-to-production

Here you can check the same explanation, just human readable:
https://symfonycasts.com/screencast/messenger/deploy

``` bash
php bin/console messenger:consume ibexa.messenger.transport --bus=ibexa.messenger.bus
```

> 3\. Use a scheduler of your choice to periodically run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3\. Use a [scheduler](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron) of your choice to periodically run the following command:
```

                    products_list_per_page_limit: 15
```

## Discount re-indexing

> Discounts feature uses [[= product_name_base =]] Messenger to reindex discounts and product prices in the background.

Reviewer 2: Let's explain what Messenger is with a link. It can't be on "Ibexa Messenger" as there is no such page but maybe something like the following:

```suggestion
Discounts feature uses [[= product_name_base =]] Messenger to reindex discounts and product prices as [background tasks](background_tasks.md).
```

This way changes are processed efficiently without slowing down the system and disrupting the user experience.

> When triggered periodically, the `ibexa:discounts:reindex` command identifies discounts that require re-indexing, ensuring catalog prices always remain up-to-date.

Reviewer 3: Not sure what you referred to with "catalog" - to me it can create confusion. We have discounts for carts as well and we want to clearly state that prices reindexing happens regardless of discount's type. I see that you use "product catalog" below, maybe that's better.
```suggestion
When triggered periodically, the `ibexa:discounts:reindex` command identifies discounts that require re-indexing, ensuring prices always remain up-to-date.
```

If there are edits to discounts that should result in changed product catalog prices, messages are dispatched to the [[= product_name_base =]] Messenger's queue and consumed by a background worker.
The worker passes the messages to the handler, which then starts the re-indexing process at the most convenient moment.

To run discount re-indexing in the background:

1\. Make sure that the transport layer is [defined properly](background_tasks.md#configure-package) in [[= product_name_base =]] Messenger configuration.

> 2\. Make sure that the worker starts together with the application to watch the transport bus:

Reviewer 2: We may have to suggest that this Messenger command is not related to Discounts but to all background tasks. Maybe just with a link:
```suggestion
2\. Make sure that the [worker starts](background_tasks.md#start-worker) together with the application to watch the transport bus:
```

``` bash
php bin/console messenger:consume ibexa.messenger.transport --bus=ibexa.messenger.bus
```

3\. Use a scheduler of your choice, for example, [cron](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron), to periodically run the following command:

``` bash
php bin/console ibexa:discounts:reindex
```

!!! note "Deploying Symfony Messenger"

>     For more information about deploying the Messenger to production, see [Symfony documentation](https://symfony.com/doc/current/messenger.html#deploying-to-production).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    For more information about deploying the Messenger to production, see [Symfony documentation]([[= symfony_doc =]]/messenger.html#deploying-to-production).
```
